Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
We all have our COVID story.
Some. sad. Some. happy.
But one thing is certain…
nothing has remained the same ever since.
For me. I started off as chubby Bolanle.
a customer care rep.
And by the time the lockdown was over...
...I was on
a completely different path.
This is my COVID story.
This is how I found love in a pandemic.
It started off like
every other day in Lagos.
People going about their day.
hustling their hustle.
Uh… right. sir. I really am sorry
about the inconvenience.
Of course. I understand your frustration.
You want us to send a new device?
Well sir. that's not a problem
but could you do me a favor?
Could you look at the back of the device
to be sure that it's properly coupled?
Just from the back of it. Mm-hmm...
Ha-ha. I thought as much. Oh.
for nothing. I'm happy to be of help.
Have a wonderful day. sir.
Thank you so much for calling.
Okay. bye.
Hello. good morning.
Thank you for calling JJ logistics.
My name is Bolanle.
How can I be of help to you today. sir?
Uh-uh. Mm-hmm.
Okay.
Oh okay. sir.
Mm-hmm.
Uh. yes. I'm… I'm with you. sir.
I'm with you. I'm with you.
Just one minute.
Okay. sir. What's happening?
I don't know. I don't know.
Yes sir. Uh-uh. Uh-uh.
Sir. is it fine if I call you back. sir?
Please.
Yeah. yeah. I'll call you back. I promise.
Thank you. sir. Thank you.
And just like that.
our lives were changed forever.
COVID was real. And it was here in Lagos.
We were scared.
wondering what was going to happen next.
I guess you all have heard the news.
The pandemic is officially in Lagos.
There’s no need to panic.
Let’s hope that very soon
this pandemic will be over.
So. just pack up your systems. go home…
if there's any new development.
you all will be informed individually.
-Okay?
-Okay. sir. Thank you. sir.
I can't lie.
I didn't think COVID
would affect me like this.
But I knew I wasn't looking forward
to being alone in my house.
What's up. Bolanle? Are you not going?
Yeah. I am.
-Alright now. Take care.
-Okay.
And why didn't I want to go home?
You'll see.
While Lagos was going crazy.
all I wanted to do was just
buy supplies and get home.
This is a covid 19 testing centre…
Oh my God!
What?!
Wow.
O my God. Aby!
Aby!
Sis! I'm in a meeting. I'll call you back
Okay. okay. okay. But just don't
stress yourself too much. okay?
Don't stress. okay?
Bye bye.
Oh my God.
Finally!
What's this?
I was scared
because my TJ was a doctor.
and I thought I was going
to be alone during the lockdown.
But maybe.maybe I was wrong.
This boy just knows how
much I love sweet things.
-Hey baby.
-Hey.
Hey.
You’re here.
Yes. I am. Surprise.
O my God. you smell so good.
You smell better.
Okay. I need to go clean up first.
-Corona is in town.
-Oh no. no. That's big news. isn't it?
-For a medical doctor. Remember?
-A nasty medical doctor.
Oh. the nastiest.
-I need to go to the bathroom.
-Can I follow you?
-No! No.
-Please.
-I need to shower.
-I can't lie. I love that boy.
Have you told Marcus. already?
Hmm. He can’t contain his joy.
He's been picking names
for a boy since then.
And it's been less than
24 hours we found out.
but he's just been
disturbing me with different names.
Sis. you have no idea
how happy I am for you.
I think I should come see you already.
No. Please stay
in your house for the lockdown.
They say it won't take too long.
Hmm. I think it will.
Uh-uh. Why did you say that?
I just have that feeling.
I'm already working from home.
Hey babe.
Hey. Bolanle.
So. you've been quarantining
with a man in the house?
I’ll call you back. hmm?
Mmh.
Uh-uh. See this girl.
Hmm.
-Hey. Was that your sister?
-Mm-hmm.
Uh-uh. why won't you let me talk to her?
You’ll get your chance.
you’re here all weekend. So. yeah.
Hmm. that is so good.
Who is that?
Uh. nobody important. Just the hospital.
The hospital.
So. you’re leaving?
Yeah. babe.
When?
Give or take. before noon.
You’re not even spending a day with me?
My worse fear was happening.
I was going to be alone in the pandemic.
Can I see the message?
-What’s that now?
-I said. can I see the message?
Are you serious?
Do I look like I'm joking?
Stop. please. Um. um. stop.
Are you cheating on me?
What kind of question
is that one again now?
-I said. are you cheating on me?
-I said. what kind of question is this?
A few moments ago you were
all happy. all giggly and now.
a message came in and your mood
has changed. you have to leave?
-The hospital called.
-Then let me see.
Let. Me. See.
You know what. don't worry.
There we go again.
You come to my house.
you have sex with me. eat my food
then tell me that the hospital called.
-There is a pandemic outside.
-Don’t give me that pandemic line. TJ.
I'm a human being too.
I have feelings.
You know what?
Your insecurity is not my fault.
It's fine. If you want to leave.
you can pack your stuff and go.
Fine.
-I didn’t mean that.
-Yes. you did.
Obviously. in hindsight
I should have known.
Huh! I mean. if my man
doesn't want to see me.
then he's seeing
somebody else. right? Right?
Bolanle. I was clearly in love.
Or maybe my village people
were even following me. Who knows?
Anyway though. let's keep going.
So. to not think about TJ.
I threw myself into work.
Hello. good morning. Thank you
so much for calling JJ Logistics.
My name is Bolanle.
How may I help you today?
Uh! Finally. thank goodness. Um. hi.
Um. it’s my first time calling.
Ah. right. Thank you
so much for calling. madam.
Please I ordered a bottle
of perfume for my boyfriend
before the lockdown and
his birthday is in two days.
Will it still be delivered?
Of course. Delivery is
still in process. ma'am.
Thank you. thank you. thank you!
For nothing. Would that be all?
Yes. that will be all.
Thank you so much. Thank you.
Thank you for calling. madam.
Have a wonderful day.
Okay.
Customer service for a logistics company
during COVID was the perfect job.
if you're trying not
to think about your boyfriend.
Hello! Good morning. Thank you
so much for calling JJ Logistics.
My name is Bolanle.
How may I be of help to you today?
I didn't think about TJ all day.
But eventually. work finished.
And I was alone. missing him.
Hello?
Babe. I just…
I know I messed up. okay?
I'm sorry but it's not enough for you
to not be picking up my calls.
or even replying my text messages.
I’m just frustrated that
I'll be in this house 24/7 by myself.
I was hoping that this pandemic
would help us be even closer
and spend more time together but
that's not happening.
So. I'm just frustrated.
Can you hear me?
Yes I can.
Oh no!
Shit! What am I doing?
Oh shoot.
Man.
Yep. I dialed the wrong number.
I couldn't copy a number from
my personal phone to my work phone.
Great job. Bolanle!
I'll just call back and apologize.
Hello?
Hi. I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean
to dial your number. okay? I was
dialing my boyfriend's number but
then I missed the last digits. So sorry.
Are you a voiceover artist?
-Huh?
-Your voice… There’s something about it.
In fact. I wonder how anyone
would resist such a voice.
What about it?
It’s like mine. Special.
How do you know your voice is special?
Because you’re still listening.
Well. I just wanted to say sorry
for disturbing your peace.
Take care and have a good evening. sir.
Wait.
Hey babe.
What's up?
I'm good.
Are you still mad at me?
I’m sorry. Please.
It's fine.
What's going on at your end? How are you?
I'm okay. Just at home.
Alone.
You?
Well. I'm very busy as well.
Basically working double shifts at work.
You know. we have a red alert
for COVID patients. so...
I know. right.
But are you okay?
Yeah. yeah. I'm good.
Is there a reason that you called?
Yeah. I just wanted
to apologize
about the other day.
And just check up on you.
It's been a while since we spoke.
Uh...
Are you okay. babe?
Yes. yes. You know what?
Apology accepted. It's all good.
Let me. uh… let's talk later.
What?!
Who was that?
Just a patient. my darling.
-Oh.
-Mm-hmm.
Okay. So. what did the patient want?
They wanted medicine.
Uh. what kind of medicine?
-This kind of medicine.
-Uh.
Bad boy.
Worse girl.
Look at me. Mugu.
Missing him
while he's enjoying his life. Hmm!
Jesus Christ.
Anyway. if he didn't want to talk to me.
I'll find someone else who did.
Hello?
You’re right.
Your voice does sound cool... too.
Apologies for rushing off just like that.
That was the most fun conversation
I’ve had since corona.
We probably would never talk again
but people should misdial more often.
Yeah.
Bye.
Hello. good afternoon.
My name is Bolanle. Thank you
so much for calling JJ Logistics.
How may we help you today?
Thank God you people finally have my time.
Here is my issue.
Well. make sure you have pen and
paper so you can jot things down.
Please hold on. Please hold on.
Please help. help me. My body is hot.
I’ve been… I've been coughing.
Now I can't… I can’t even breathe.
-I can't breathe anymore. Please help me.
-Please hold on.
Help me. Bolanle.
-I said. hold on please!
I'm back to you. sir.
Do you know that you people
are aiding fraud and corruption?
I'm sorry sir. what?
Clearly written here. in the
information panel of this soft drink.
Do you know exactly what 90 grams
of sugar everyday does to men?
Sir.
JJ Logistics is a delivery company
that specializes in delivering
products that you ordered for.
Okay? If you have any problem
with any of the products.
just call the customer care line
that is available
on the pack that you're holding.
Is there anything else
you'd like me to help you with?
My friend is single and ready to mingle...
I love… I love you. talk your own.
Listen you dimwits. COVID is not
something that you play about. okay?
-If you don't--
Get a life!
Hello?
Hello. um…
Er. it's Alex.
The guy with the special voice.
Did I call at a wrong time?
Depends on why you’re calling.
Okay. I called
to know your name. at least.
It’s been two days.
Well. I was kinda
hoping you’d call first but
I also figured I should
just act like a man.
What does that mean?
You know. swallowing my pride to call back
a stranger whom I met in
the most convenient way possible.
Well. I don’t need anyone "acting
like a man" or whatever around me. okay.
I already have a man.
Ouch. A younger me
would have been heartbroken.
but I’m not trying to be your man.
Interesting.
I told you.
the conversation with you
was the most fun thing
in my life since the lockdown started.
I’m not trying to toast you here.
I’m trying to have a lockdown buddy.
Okay. How about this?
You can call me whenever you’re bored.
and I'll call you whenever I’m bored.
Why would I want
to call you anytime I’m bored?
Cause we seem to have a vibe?
I don't know.
Maybe just talk
to somebody who won’t judge you.
for a change.
Today has actually been a long day.
Hmm. Tell me more.
This whole work from home thing
is taking a minute to get used to.
I'm so sorry.
Why are you sorry though?
For talking with my mouth full?
Uh…
you do understand you're basically saying
you're sorry for being human. right?
My boyfriend hates it.
He thinks I'm adding too much weight.
I don't agree.
I mean. you look great.
How do you know?
You've never seen me before.
I'm looking at you right now.
What?! How?
Uh. there was this picture of you with um.
some lady who looks just like you
-You were wearing a green T-shirt.
You're on my Instagram page?
Yep. And I just followed you.
Alex Esho.
Alex. That is me.
Are you disappointed?
No. No. of course not.
Do you mind video-calling me?
What?! Come on. that's hilarious.
Video-call me now.
Else you're a bloody scammer.
Okay.
Are you there?
Mm-hmm.
Hi. Alex.
Hello. stranger.
Being in a relationship
with him is really complicated.
Some months back. things got really sour
and I wanted to walk away
but then he convinced me
to stay back and I stayed.
And how did that go?
You know. when I decided to walk away…
I didn't really want to walk away.
That's just me. I'm silly like that.
Don't ever say that.
I've put in a lot of work
into this relationship.
If I leave him. who will I date?
Me?
Look. you've made the best
of opportunities life has given you.
Whoever is going to be
with you needs to see that.
Hmm.
Why are you so nice to me?
Because we're friends. Bolanle.
Friends are supposed
to be nice to each other.
Hmm. If you're like this as friends.
I wonder what you're like as a lover.
Trust me. you don't wanna know.
Really? Why's that?
Look…
I'm a man like him. okay so…
maybe I could give you some insights
to what could repair your relationship.
Really? What's that?
Surprise him.
With something nice.
Busy men love surprises.
I don't think I want to surprise him.
Me too I want to be surprised.
But that's it. You're the surprise.
So. why don't you put some of this your
beauty and intelligence
to romantic use for once.
You know. cook him a nice meal.
Wear that purple dress
that you put up on Instagram. right?
Get out your best cologne
and just go find your man.
Plus…
going out there for some fresh air
would definitely improve your mood.
Me I don't think I want to surprise him.
If I do that now.
he'll think I'm begging him.
Then it will make him even more proud.
No. And there's a curfew.
Forget about the curfew.
Just do this this once. You know…
go see him. Tell him how you feel.
Face to face.
A pandemic shouldn't stop you
from going to see the man that you love.
Or are you afraid of COVID?
I should be.
People are dying out there.
Everyone should be afraid.
Are you going to take my advice or not?
Yes. I will.
There's someone at the door.
I'll talk to you later. okay?
Alright?
-Okay.
Bye.
Hi. baby.
Hey.
Hmm?
What in the world are you doing here?
What. so I can’t come here anymore? Huh?
Or what? Is your sister in?
-Uduak. you cannot be here.
-Yeah?
-Alex. aren't you happy to see me?
-Obviously not.
Well. I have nowhere else to go so…
You have a house.
But I’ll be bored.
Hmm? And it's not like
you'll be there to keep me company. So…
Well. I've missed you.
-Uduak. you cannot do this.
-Please. please. please.
stop acting like you don’t miss me.
-Uduak. you…
-Huh?
Hmm.
Look at my sister making moves!
Finally considering leaving that scum!
I didn't say I was
leaving TJ. I just said
I started talking to a stranger.
Ah-ah. calm down.
Do you want to hear my gist
or should I carry my problem and go?
Okay. continue.
Well. it was a misdial.
What is that?
Mis-dial means I mistakenly dialed him.
And?
And we were both embarrassed
but I got over it quickly.
Is he single?
How would I be asking
a stranger that kind of question?
Of course. I know.
You'll prefer TJ more than anybody else.
Why is this our morning topic please?
Because you just met a new guy.
I want you to receive him with open arms.
I have to go.
My other phone is ringing.
The new guy?
I’ll call you back. okay?
-Hey.
How are you?
I’m okay. You?
Your voice sounds odd. Is everything good?
I'm just tired. Work stuff.
I thought working from
home would be easier but
I've barely slept in days.
Someone listening to you now would think
you're searching for the cure to COVID.
People management is one
of the hardest jobs in the world.
You have no idea how many mad people
are walking around with phones
in their hands in this country.
Really? What about my job?
That one is both physically and mentally
demanding. What would you say about that?
Whatever. please.
I miss you really.
Well. I know you do.
How about you tell me how much.
No. it’s not sex.
It's you. I miss you being around.
talking to you.
I miss you.
Oh.
You don't miss me?
Uh. yeah.
yeah of course I did. I do…
I do miss you. So much. I miss you.
You want to know what else I really miss?
What?
I really miss your jollof rice and that.
ooh! that grilled chicken.
I miss it.
-Alright.
Well. you can come over.
I'll make some for you.
You know what. babe?
I would love to but I just left
the hospital and I have to go home.
Nobody can come to my house.
I can't go to anybody's house
till I'm sure I have no symptoms.
You get it. right?
Yea. Sure.
Good day. sir. Your package. sir.
Uh. okay. How much is it?
Aunty already paid. sir.
Oh. Okay.
Babe! I got lunch. Your fave.
-Oh! Food is here!
-Yea babe. I got your fave. Here.
-Thank you. Oh. come here.
-Yeah.
-You want some?
-No. I'm good. Enjoy.
-Are you sure?
-I'm good. I'm good. I promise.
-All this for me? Oh.
-Yes.
When I was eight. I was on a cooking show.
The Young Culinarian.
-No way! Are you… are you serious?
-Mm-hmm.
I watched that show. You… you actually
wanted to be a professional cook?
Yup. I'm surprised
the great Alex couldn’t tell.
You should apply to participate
in the Ultimate Chef Show.
You know about it. right?
Yeah. but I’m too busy for that.
I… I wish I was skilled at something more…
intellectually challenging.
Look. cooking is one
of life’s basic essentials.
It’s a gift when you are able
to make food delicious.
I mean. some people.
no matter what they do.
their food never comes out nice.
People like me.
Fine. You win.
-It's a big deal.
-Good! Good.
My goodness. We should
definitely hit the sack.
Yep. I’ll still be here. though.
Chasing deadlines
on this online gig website.
That’s a thing?
-Yes of course.
Since the pandemic.
sites like this have exploded
because people want
to create stuff for their customers.
Oh. Like. content?
Yeah. And guess
who designs your favorite ones.
You.
Humbly.
Goodnight. Bolanle.
Goodnight… friend.
What am I doing?
How are you?
I'm good. You?
So. what’s up?
Nothing much. Just here.
Just by the pool side.
Hanging out.
Bored of being inside.
So. how is your boyfriend?
Who? TJ?
I was not asking you about TJ.
Alex.
Sis. How is he my boyfriend?
I've never even met him before.
See you.
I can imagine
how you were blushing
when you mentioned his name.
Alex.
So. are you guys still talking?
He talks to me all the time. Sis.
He keeps me company. talks to me
when I'm bored. encourages me.
Something that TJ never does.
You see?
It means the universe
is trying to tell you something.
that there are men
way better than that your TJ.
All you need to do is
keep an open mind and listen.
Okay. Sis. Talk to you later.
Hey.
Well. well. well. Look who decides
to pick my call today.
C'mon. bae. Gimme a break.
It’s literally been hell here.
Of course. Hell.
You know the cases in Lagos are worsening
by the minute and everything is exploding.
Is that why you've been replied
to any of my text messages?
Huh? So why did you pick up my call today?
Huh? Oh. you miss my jollof rice
and my grilled chicken. right?
Can you please give me a break?!
This is real life.
People are dying. literally!
So am I!
I’m a real person too. aren’t I?
You know what?
When you're ready to talk. how about
you call me. I don't have time for this.
TJ. don't--
Wait. babe. Aren’t you supposed
to go to the hospital?
Uh. no babe. I'm still on leave.
Oh. oh okay. I thought they would've
needed at least more health workers.
Well. I'm not going to risk my life for
a disease that nobody knows the cure to.
-Right.
-Besides.
I like spending all my free time with you.
Aww. you just know
the perfect things to say.
-Hold on. babes.
-Mmh!
-Are you okay?
-Mm-mm.
-What's the problem?
-Baby. I want some jollof rice.
-Well. I'll order jollof rice for you.
-No. I'm hungry.
Babe. I'm playing
this video game. hold on.
Wait. You're picking a game over me?
-Okay. I got--
-Babe!
-I got you. I'll order jollof rice. okay?
-You're gonna do it now?
-Sure.
-Babe. focus.
-I'm fo… I'm focused.
-Are you picking the game over me?
You're so cute.
-Okay.
-Okay. No game. Go.
Sure. Lemme go get it.
-Thanks babe.
-You're welcome.
Good afternoon.
-Sister.
-Hmm?
It's like you have not come out since
the day you closed from work. right?
No.
I've not been out in a long time.
Right. It's not easy.
That's the situation with everybody.
You've been working?
I have.
But business has been slow.
I've not been getting too many rides.
And the police.
they disturb us too much!
Hmm.
All because
of this so-called curfew.
As if corona only comes out at night.
Hmm.
-Valid point.
-They don't have work to do.
Sister. I can't take it
anymore. I have to confess.
What’s that?
I just can't take it
anymore. This your food.
the scent is strong.
Your man will enjoy it.
Hey. Hmm.
Or didn't you cook it?
I cooked it. Thank you.
How do you know it's for a man?
Please keep an eye on the road.
Don't get an accident
because of jollof rice.
Hello. Nurse. Good afternoon.
-Nurse Mira. I--
-Ah. Doc-Doc!
Bolanle! Ha! Long time!
-How are you now?
-I'm very well.
How's it going?
Ah. sorry I can't shake you…
-or greet you properly.
-I understand.
-You've been working. you know.
-Yeah.
Um. how did they
even let you into these premises?
Well. I used my charms.
Hmm. You are looking so fine.
Thank you.
And. by the way. what are you doing here?
Uh. I'm here to see TJ.
-TJ?
-Mm-hmm.
What? Isn’t he here?
TJ is not here. Bolanle.
Why? What?!
Tejiri has not come to work
since the lockdown started.
He. um… Is there a problem?
He was suspended.
Suspended. What… what happened?
Wh… when did this happen?
He'll discuss that with you.
I’m really disappointed
he didn’t tell you.
Right.
I guess I'll just go…
-check for him at home.
-Yes.
That’s where you will find him.
-Thank you. Doc.
-You're welcome.
Nurse Mira. I'll need you to change
the drips in Ward Eight. Hmm?
-Okay. Doctor.
-Now.
Just hold on please. Mr. Sunday.
Let me check if he's home. Hmm?
Okay.
Hello.
Oh! Oh. the food.
Thank you. Thank you so much
for coming so quickly.
Your jollof rice. the best. My favorite.
Babe!
Babe. the food is here!
How much?
Is there a problem?
Uh just. give me a minute.
I know what you'd like. A tip.
Because you have the best jollof rice.
Okay.
Hey. baby. I didn't hear you
properly. What's up?
-What's going on?
-The food.
Uh. this should do.
Have. have you paid?
Uh. yeah.
Oh. okay. Bye.
I didn't know you already paid.
Me. cook...
God will punish that TJ!
For using and playing with you
without any respect or remorse.
Ah-ah!
Why are men like that?
See Bolanle. you should come live with us.
I should?
Yes of course.
Please come. The house is honestly
too big for Marcus and I to live in.
I think you should just come.
So. does he know that
your first relationship is over?
Who?
Alex.
How's that important?
Sweetheart.
Anyone will be blessed
to have you in their life.
I don't need to state the obvious.
But um. a broken heart
sure needs some mending.
You're my sister.
You're expected to say that.
And I can also slap some sense
into you if you're not listening.
I'll think about it. Sis. Okay? Bye.
What a bummer!
I… I don't even know what to say.
This is so disappointing.
I know. right.
Gosh.
some men can be so wicked.
You mean you were cooking for him
and his side chick?
Who said that's the side chick?
My God.
To think you were actually
trying to work things out with him.
I wish I could just…
you know. just give you
a hug or something.
I'm so sorry. Bolanle.
So. what are you going to do now?
Do? Obviously I'm done
with that lying and cheating bastard.
I'm just gonna focus on myself.
my work and whatever else I find.
Okay.
But please if there’s anything.
anything at all I can do
to make you feel better…
just let me know.
I will.
Thanks.
I have to go now.
Oh. Okay.
Bye.
Making new friends?
It's none of your business.
You know. you don’t have to pretend
that there’s someone else
just to scare me off.
So…
is there someone else?
-Uduak…
-Mm-hmm?
You and I are no longer together.
It really is none of your business.
But I want you.
-You’ve missed this.
-What are you doing?
Hmm. You know exactly what I'm doing.
Uduak.
-Get out!
-Babe. wait.
-I promise you I can explain.
-Get out!
-Wait. wait.
-Babe. listen. listen--
-Who's this? Who's this?
-Babe. babe. I can explain.
-No.
-I can explain that note I promise!
Get out!
-Babe. no. no. no!
-I said. get out!
-Wait. wait!
-Out!
-Out! Out! Out!
-Wait.
Can I… can I explain at least. Please!
-Get…
-Please!
Please. baby. no. no! Please.
-Get out!
-Sorry.
-Please.
-Please. one more just--
-Get…
Get out!
Madam. someone sent that to you.
Oh.
This is so--
What the heck is
this one coming to do here?
Hey!
What are you doing here?
I just came to talk.
Talk about what?
There's nothing to talk about. Get out.
Don't you think
you're overreacting. Small.
Over… are you fucking
kidding me right now?
Calm down.
Overreacting?!
You were cheating the entire relationship
and you're here
to tell me I've been overreacting?
Really?
I don't think you need an
announcement to know it's over
between the both of us.
Get out of my compound.
You throw away our meal ticket. over what?
A few unanswered calls.
Are you serious? How much do doctors make?
Are you gaslighting me right now?
Listen. Bolanle.
I can take you back. We can start over.
I'll forgive you.
I promise. We can move on.
Start from scratch.
You will for…
Get out of this house.
I regret the day I ever set my eyes on you
Get out of my house right now!
Get out of this… I swear to God. if
you don't leave this premises right now.
you will regret ever driving
into this compound.
Get out. I'm warning you now.
How long did it take you
to find a new boyfriend?
Hmm? It wasn't even up to a minute.
Someone is already sending you a gift.
-A basket. a box. whatever this is.
-TJ. get out! Get… get out of my house.
Or what?
No problem. just wait.
-Shit!
-Out!
-What! Stop. no. no. no. Please!
-Get out! Get out!
Get out!
-I'll go. I'll go! I'll go! Just…
-Get out!
Why. why? What kind of women are…
Oh God.
Hey!
Hello. my dear.
Er. I don’t understand this thing.
Could you please be clear. ma'am.
Uh. this thing…
It doesn't look like a pot and
it's not even shaped like a pot.
What's written on the box it came in?
I don't know.
Don’t you have it there?
It's there.
Or can't you read?
Ah-ah.
Is there a cable in the box?
No.
Madam. please check again.
Okay. I think… Alright. I've seen it.
But how do I use this box to cook. hmm?
And I even think it er.
it. it came with a sieve.
What you bought is a deep fryer not a pot.
For goodness sakes!
Okay! A deep fryer.
So. how do I use this deep fryer?
Are you kidding me right now?
You bought something
that you don't know how to use.
and you want to make it a random
person's problem?
A random customer care person's problem?
What is wrong with you people?
Don't you look at things
before you buy them?
Er. it's one of our women leader that was
talking about it when I went to visit her.
So I decided to buy too.
Oh. so you're dumb. Hmm?
Now you're competing
with your women's leader'.
She bought something that
she knows. you. you followed. carry.
bought something that you don't know
and you want to make it my problem?
-Huh?
-Excuse me!
Do you know that is an insult?
Really? So. this is how you talk
to your mother at home. Huh?
No. because my mother is not dumb.
You are.
You're insulting me cause of deep fryer?
Yes.
If you don't like
getting insults. do better.
I’m definitely fired.
Bolanle. are you okay?
Yes. I am.
I don’t think so. Because if you are.
you won't insult a caller.
You heard that?
Of course I did. Q.A sent it to me.
What's wrong with you? You of all people?
I'm sorry. sir. I just… snapped.
You were trained. self control…
Yes. sir. Sorry.
You’ve gone from being
a top performer to the least.
If you needed to take time off.
you should have just asked.
I don’t know what's going on with you.
but your sanity is very important to me.
I want to resign. sir.
What?!
What did you just say?
I said I want to resign. sir.
Bolanle. have you thought this through?
-Thoroughly?
-For a very long time. yes.
Are you sure?
Why do you work at JJ Logistics. sir?
Some of us don’t have the luxury
of living our dreams.
so we just do whatever puts food
on the table and pays the bills.
And that’s okay for me.
But there has to be more for me out there.
Are you sure?
Yes.
I can't be a customer care rep
for the rest of my life.
Okay. Send in your resignation.
Yes sir.
Thank you. We’ll send a car
to pick up your work tools.
Thank you. sir.
So. how do you feel?
I've never felt better.
I feel like a huge burden
has been taken off my shoulders.
I never liked talking
to those people anyway.
Now that that's over. I can finally
focus on this Ultimate Chef Show.
And maybe start a new career
that I actually. actually love.
Well. you already have what it takes
to be the Number One chef in this state.
What's stopping you
from starting your own food business?
Hmm?
You know what?
-What would you call your brand?
-Hmm…
I have never thought about that.
How about…
"Bolanle's
Bitters"?
-Bitters?
Why "Bitters"?
No. no. hold on. How about uh.
"Bolanle's Bites." No. no.
"Bites by Bolanle". BBB. Triple B! Huh?
I like that. Actually. Triple B.
Yea!
Triple B.
I told you I'm the man.
But I don’t know anything
about branding on social media.
Uh. but you know everything
about making the most delicious food.
Which you've never tasted.
You worry about the cooking.
I'll worry about
the brand and business plan. alright?
-I can’t pay you. Alex.
-Hmm.
You don’t have to pay me. Bolanle.
Just start this business already.
Okay.
Hi. guys!
Aw. you guys. Thank you so very much
for your constant love
and support on the gram.
Our page is booming. Talk about growth.
Anyways. in light of that
I want to tell you that I have
fifty packs today
but guess what?
I will only be selling 40 packs.
meaning I'm going
to be giving out ten to you guys
for free. All you have to do
is answer the question in my caption.
comment below. and you just might stand
a chance to be one of my lucky winners
to get a pack each.
Of course. for just ten people.
I'm looking forward to seeing
your comments and guess what. guys?
Delivery is absolutely free.
I know! Exciting. right?
I can't wait to see
your comments. Alright. you guys.
Thank you so much for the love. Mwah. bye!
Sis. so sorry. It's something
I have to do every time for my page.
-Hmm.
-You know. that's the only way it grows.
-I know. I understand.
-When I was
doing the video. I saw an email.
Just gimme a minute. Lemme just…
-quickly…
-Okay.
check what that is.
Ultimate Chef Show.
“Dear Bolanle.
based on your remarkable
culinary content and style.
we are pleased to inform
you that you have been
selected as our wild card entry for the
lockdown edition of Ultimate Chef Show.
''May the spices be in your favor...”
-Can you believe that?
-I know.
Where did this come from?
-Oh wow.
-Oh my God. Sis!
-Can you imagine?
-I know.
Who even did…
Somebody doesn't seem happy for me.
-No. of course. I am. I'm happy.
-Aby. I know you. This is not happy.
Okay. so…
Well. I was… I was kinda
expecting something else.
Like what?
Okay. can you imagine talking
to a straight. single young man
from the start of the pandemic.
And then you're losing out
on him. all because you refuse
to let him know
you're having feelings for him.
When the guy himself
has feelings for you too.
Nobody is catching
feelings for anybody here.
That's a lie.
Bolanle.
You're lying and you know.
I know you have feelings for that guy.
He’s in Asaba. I’m in Lagos.
I was in Cape Town when I started
talking to my husband. Marcus.
And now I’m having his babies.
Who says I want a love like yours.
Are you mad? Ah-ah!
I don't want it. I don't do long distance.
Bolanle. see. I mean. call this guy.
Tell him exactly how you feel.
I mean. and let the universe take over.
It doesn't hurt to do that now.
Does it hurt?
Okay I will.
-When?
Yes. Tell him now.
-Sis.
-Mm-hmm.
-Don't do this.
-Yes. you're doing it.
You're gonna put me in trouble.
Now. Call him.
Hey.
Ultimate Chef Show? Really?
Mm-hmm! Listen. someone there owes me
a favor and the only thing I could ask for
was that they put you
on the show. Too much?
But if you're not interested.
I could always…
No. Of course. I want it. I want to cook
but… Alex. this is so big!
You can always
politely decline the invitation.
Alex. relax okay?
Calm down.
Alex. I just wanted
to say thank you for everything.
Everything you’ve done for me
since the beginning of lockdown
up until now. You've just been amazing.
You've believed in me even more than…
more than I could ever believe in myself.
And the best part.
you've never asked for anything in return.
I just want you to be happy. Bolanle.
That’s what I want in return.
Aww.
-Alex?
-Huh?
Do you like ice cream?
You know I do.
Okay.
I was wondering if I could take
you out to have some ice cream.
when the lockdown is over?
Because I like you.
And I'd love to…
to go out with you.
Breakfast is served!
Um…
Ah-ah. Alex.
Who's your friend?
Bolanle. meet Uduak.
Bolanle…
Aww. Why are you crying?
Alex. why is she crying?
Uduak. can you please
give us some privacy.
Is she one of your bitches?
Hey.
Are you okay?
Bolanle?
Did you hear her. Sis?
She said “breakfast is served.”
-She's talking about me. Sis.
-No way.
I've been served breakfast.
Look at you!
You know I never would have thought
that you'd be able to fall in love again.
Since you said that I shattered
your heart into a thousand pieces.
Hmm?
-Uduak.
-Hmm?
I think it's time
for you to leave my house.
-You're joking.
-No.
I'm done.
You know. that's the same thing you said
when you chickened out of our wedding.
That was because
you lied about your genotype!
But that didn't stop you from sleeping
with me every time you felt horny.
You…
you're not going to ruin my life.
-any more than you already have.
-Alex. come on.
Uduak!
Pack your shit and
get the fuck out of my house.
I'm done with your bullshit.
I'm… I'm not going anywhere.
I'm not going anywhere.
Is that all you're going to say?
That's it.
He’s not the one for me.
It's okay.
I'll find the one for me.
He's just not the one.
I'm just thankful for
the whole experience. It's been great.
It was great.
I'm sorry.
It's okay. Sis.
I'm so sorry.
I'm sorry.
-I'm okay. No stress. please.
-I'm sorry.
Why are you wet?
Oh!
Sorry. sorry. sorry.
-Ah! My waist.
-Sorry.
-I want to pee.
-Sorry. sorry. sorry. sorry.
Hold on. Sorry. sorry.
Okay. Yes. Okay.
Thank you.
Hey. Aisha.
I need a favour.
You're really not going to say hello?
What do you want?
Where are you off to?
You can't be serious.
You're really chasing after that bitch?
-Don't call her that.
-I will call her whatever I like.
Go home. Uduak.
Look. she will never
be good to you as I was.
She's never going to do
the things that I do for you.
And to you…
She will never be enough
for you. Alex.
I'll still choose her.
I don't ever want to see you again. Uduak.
We're through. Move on.
Alex look. you don't know what
you're throwing away. do you hear me?
I hope… I hope she rejects you!
And when she does. don't come
running back to me. do you hear?
Don't come running back to me!
Alex! I hope…
Yes. I'm on my way to the airport.
No. don't tell her. Don't tell her.
I want to surprise her.
Yeah. Okay.
Bike! Stop!
Hey!
Driver. meet me at the address.
There you go.
What would you like?
Alex?
Yeah.
What are you doing here?
I’ve never tasted your cooking.
I figured if I made it here
today then I would.
Can I get a minute?
Sure. You guys cover up. okay?
I'll be right back.
Just give to the others.
What are you doing here?
I came to say what
I should have said a long time ago.
I came to ask if you'd still
like to… get ice cream with me.
And why should I say yes?
Because we both love ice cream.
Because I'm miserable without you.
You can't be miserable without me. Alex.
Okay? You have a girlfriend.
A fiancée. or whatever.
And you have some other…
bitches. Whatever she called them.
Bolanle. I love you.
Look. I love you.
I’ve loved you from the moment
I first heard your voice.
I’m sorry but I…
I’ve been through so much
this past year. I don’t believe you.
Bolanle. Bolanle. please.
Just give me a chance.
Give me a chance to prove myself to you.
To prove that I am the man for you
because you're the woman for me.
Just give me one more chance.
I’m sorry.
I can’t do this.
Maybe if you call me tonight.
I might pretend we’re starting afresh.
Call me. Alex.
I'll unblock you tonight.
The first time
I heard the word. "corona."
I thought it was a myth.
But it was real.
As real as this man
with whom I’ve fallen in love.
And as real as the weight
that I'd put on during the pandemic
that is making me
work out so much right now.
I never thought my life
would end up like this.
Despite coming second
in the cooking competition.
it jump-started my cooking career.
I am now an internet sensation.
A celebrity chef too.
You know. I entered the pandemic
thinking I had everything
I ever wanted in life.
I didn't know I was going to end it
on a different path…
chasing a different career.
loving a different man.
It's funny how life works out.
The thing you need the most
isn't even what you're searching for.
Excuse me.
Hey. babe.
Where are you?
On my way home.
Good. Can't wait to see you.
Can't wait to see you too.
That was my story.
I hope you find your dreams
the same way I found mine.
Never settle.
because the life you need
just might be around the corner.
Toodles.
♪ I don't know what you heard about me ♪
♪ But word on the street
Doesn't do me any justice ♪
♪ You know that in this life
No one is holier than another ♪
♪ But I swear to God
I will not break your heart ♪
♪ I know she wanna give me some love ♪
♪ Trouble oh. trouble oh ♪
♪ Folake. she wanna take off her clothes ♪
♪ What kind of a life is this oh? ♪
♪ Just when I said
I want to be with you only ♪
♪ Suddenly ladies are
Just crowding in on us ♪
♪ But I've been thinking
About you. Bolanle ♪
♪ I can't seem to get you out of my mind ♪
♪ I've been dreaming
About you. and you're mine ♪
♪ But let me love you.
My baby. long time ♪
♪ 'Cause everyday
She'll be killing me softly ♪
♪ Killing me softly
Killing me. killing me softly ♪
♪ Everyday you'll be killing me softly ♪
♪ Killing me softly. yeah
Killing me softly. yeah ♪
♪ Call me dreamer ♪
♪ 'Cause girl I dream of you ♪
♪ Falling deeper
Every time I think of you ♪
♪ You're my sunrise. you're my scenery ♪
♪ I love you ♪
♪ Found love in a pandemic ♪
♪ Every night I stay awake ♪
♪ Thinking 'bout you ♪
♪ Counting days
Until I see your pretty face ♪
♪ Every night I stay awake
Dreaming about you ♪
♪ Call me back for heaven's sakes. girl ♪
♪ I've been thinking about you. Bolanle ♪
♪ I can't seem to get you out of my mind ♪
♪ I've been dreaming
About you. and you're mine ♪
♪ So let me love you. my baby. long time ♪
Why are you so nice to me?
Because we are friends. Bolanle.
Friends are supposed
to be nice to eech other.
Hmm.
If you're like this as friends.
I wonder what you're like as a lover.
♪ Everyday she'll be killing me softly ♪
♪ Killing me softly.
Killing me. killing me softly ♪
♪ Everyday you'll be killing me softly
Killing me softly. yeah ♪
♪ Killing me softly. yeah ♪
♪ These days I.
These days I can't even find you ♪
These days you don't even try ♪
♪ These days I.
These days I can't even find you ♪
♪ These days I
Wonder how to make you mine ♪
♪ Killing me softly ♪
♪ She killing. she killing
She killing me. oh no ♪
♪ Oh ♪